Then we will be back in Norheim.
We cheer for that.
Hoi!
We have become a welded bunch,
and it is quite delicious. Right?
Some may have noticed that we were heading west, but Earl Varg must not know.
-So if anyone asks, say East.
-Pardon!
Lying, somehow? It's stressful
to be entangled in a web of lies.
Right ...
But do you know what blood eagles are?
The back is cut up,
the ribs cut over and folded out -
- like the wings of a bird,
and then the lungs are pulled out.
Those who say anything about it
that we went west, they get blood eagles.
-Can I say that to the brother, then?
- No, not for your brother.
Can I say that to my cousin?
He is very trusting.
No, not to your cousin either.
Other questions?
Ship!
They come!
Ouch!
Look at him there, then!
Did you start with the costumes?
-You're shaking, yes. Is everything OK?
-Yes. Everything goes according to plan.
But look here. Taxes.
And gold coins ...
This is the most successful cruise in the village's history.
I was pretty clear that we
needed metal for installation.
Haven't you stolen any metal?
There are some silver mugs and cutlery ...
We can then get a lot of metal.
This was our very last trip,
and we will now become the capital of culture.
To get to the finish -
- must all ring bows, axes
and swords are put in the cart here!
We live in the Viking Age, like.
Armed conflict is part of the thing.
-What if someone attacks us?
-Who's going to attack a village--
- with the country's best summer game
and who has an installation?
So, Arvid ...
Think a little, then.
Up in the cart!
All weapons! One after another!
Take off the ring bridge and come back.
-This is totally ...
-Now we're talking.
Do you have more at home,
so come down with it!
-You can carry. You have to lift ...
- Should I wear?
(He knocks at the table.)
I want to bring out
tonight's first dish -
- for the most amazing cruise of all time!
And for Rufus, who has
a phenomenal effort! Toast!
Toast!
Yes ...
Are you also gira on this one
the installation and the game and stuff?
Yes, it will be a real boost.
It's insane, after all. No weapons.
I've never been so insecure before.
Orm is not enough.
Very least to be the chief.
-And here you enjoy yourself?
-Yes ... Yes.
-What are you talking about, then?
- Nothing special. Marks about the cruise ...
Did I think I heard talk about me?
-No, we didn't talk about you.
-And the disarmament?
-We've collected everything.
-So good. Well done.
Yes Yes Yes ...
Totally agree! Manneperineum is prohibited
fruit, but it makes it exciting!
No but ...
Isn't it Earl Varg's men, then?
Welcome here.
The well-being of the guards.
Don't just stand there.
Meet and feed the fine people!
Here was a good atmosphere.
What is the cause of the party?
Party and party. There is more
a kind of gathering.
Now we celebrate homecoming
from the countries to the east -
- with a very lean yield,
unfortunately.
-Yes, you have the earl's part ready?
-Yes, yeah.
-Do you see any new slaves?
-Yes. Yes.
-Is it okay if I take a look?
-Yes. Yes, yes.
Should only fail.
-Is there a new type of slave in the East?
-No. No.
Don't have the more box-shaped faces?
And tight-fitting eyes? Crooked noses?
No, it was before that.
Now these are typical eastern people.
Straight out from the East. Yes.
They are extremely east-facing.
Almost a cinema.
-Not Chinese.
-That's why the scholars argue.
No. These are not from China.
We come from the West.
They robbed us of Britannia.
Over the sea to the west.
East.
Robbed from the east, he says.
Red hair and talking something weird,
a language I've never heard before.
No, there is so much language at the moment.
And what does slaves talk about now? Trelsk?
No, then.
Don't get bored with those slaves,
be a little soft and get a little soft.
Meet, yes. Mead is not just mead
anymore. There are many varieties.
Yes, totally agree.
Complex.
Powerful. Tastefully.
Well balanced with a bit of smoke -
- in both taste and aroma.
We enjoy ourselves now.
And then we forget all the suspicion -
- about who went on the cruise in it
one or the other direction. Toast!
Toast!
-And you're sober enough to ride?
-Yes I am.
Greet Earl Varg and say sorry for that
the prey was a little small, but the east ...
Morn again!
I was forgetting one thing, me.
I'll bring you
one of your red-haired slaves.
They look a little fun.
We hope the Earl doesn't find out
where that slave comes from.
-How's he gonna figure it out?
-If someone understands the language, then.
-He doesn't, does he?
- Don't hope so.
No.
Here it is important to think positively.
Nine out of ten concerns are unfounded,
don't they say that?
-Who says that?
-No of ten worries ...
-Yeah, but who says that?
-The. I don't have a name. But many.
-Never heard.
-No, but it's like that.
(He hums a sad tune.)
Please ...
Please, Earl Varg ...
I don't know how to
going west. I do not know ...
It goes well ...
(It knocks.)
That's right as we thought.
The Norheim people have been on a cruise.
That's all the prey.
-Buttons?
- Probably just to spread out a little.
But they brought some with them
quite exotic slaves as well.
Nice teeth.
His hair is red like fire.
He has dots on his face.
Quaint. Rødtopp.
Our Father, you who are in heaven,
hallowed be thy name ...
-Do you understand what he's saying?
-Yes.
Ask where he comes from.
-Where are you from?
-England.
He comes from England.
From a country to the west.
Norheim must be crushed.
Lord Tor, I'm looking forward to it.
There is something about men who want something.
It does something to me.
Unna. Give way.
Dear subjects!
The day has come.
We shouldn't just
unveil an installation, -
- but we will unveil a new age!
-It is allowed to hay.
- Hi ...
I'm at least as excited as you,
so here's the installation!
Is it a big weapon like that?
Guns?
No, this is art.
And art is maybe
the most powerful weapon.
-Okay, so it's a weapon?
-No. Not directly.
-How are we going to win the battle then?
- With emotion.
-What do you think?
-Ræva!
It is good!
I have triggered some emotions.
Art should provoke and challenge,
create debate and disgust.
But we must not censor
to taste and please.
Yes?
I think we struggle a bit with realizing
the point of the installation.
So the installation
is a kind of signal building.
-And then it shows ...
-It shows cultural strength!
And it puts us on the map.
And that ...
It is not the artist's privilege
to have to explain his art. Saw it.
Tomorrow the tests will start
at the summer game, -
- get a good night's sleep,
so you're ready!
I demand that.
Thanks. Float yourselves.
Orm ...
Jarl Varg?
I'm back from Norheim.
It seems like they have total shortage
on focus. Not a guard to watch.
Perfect. What are we waiting for? It will be
like stealing cattle from bitches.
Funny ...
The rot on root.
The rot on the root ...
Arvid!
Are you asleep yet? Lord Tor,
it's the important day, yes.
See what Orm has sent. costumes
for today's tests. This becomes magical.
Wrap up, then.
Don't just lie there and be supportive.
What's this?
Just because it is not
an ax or a sword?
But why did I get it?
After all, you've been hand picked
for a role in the game! What an honor.
Little wonder that they have faith in you.
They see something no one else sees.
Loke, ass.
Okay guys then we are
finally starting the tests.
So now everyone has to pull the load together,
then we put Norheim on the theater map.
Chief Orm has that clear
starred: Prince's mother.
Arvid plays the Prince's sister,
Othella.
And Kark plays their maid.
-We cheer for them, guys.
-Hi ...
You're welcome.
Oh, Knights of the West,
what about you?
We are just some simple peasant girls
who has lost us in the castle.
-Save our lives, because we are virgins.
- At that we can all swear.
-Save your life ...
-No.
-Your next reply.
-What?
It's just so unnecessary
to sabotage, Arvid. Look at Orm.
He has never played theater,
but blows me off the track.
And Kark, absolutely incomparable.
So expressive in replica and mimicry.
Thanks. The first time I have been praised.
If a sub human like Kark
if you can, so can you.
I'm scared by yours
lack of intellectual capacity.
-And then you're ugly too.
-What?
Not to be cocky,
but it is important to get out all the rubbish.
Like that. Okay.
Then we take it from the beginning.
Oh, Knights of the West,
what about you?
What are they doing?
Three pretty women are present.
I get Sodom and Gomorrah vibes.
Don't let the ladies distract us.
We have to find Orm.
Then we cut him off
tiny little bits until he dauer.
I have this little knife
just for that purpose.
Don't stand ... Arvid.
There are soldiers. You have to defend ...
Look at Orm. Defend yourself. You are afraid.
You're being attacked because ...
We are being attacked!
It was a little too much ...
Lord Odin my creator, that
is Earl Varg himself. So powerful.
There are real men, that.
Hi. There it wakes up
acorn. I've got dumbbells, me.
Women to the guild hall,
and men in the cage.
I hope you are happy with yourself.
Not a weapon to power. Good work.
This is not the time
to cultivate disagreement.
It is honorable
to protect his chief.
Where is he miserable Chief Orm?
Then there is violation on the agenda!
But where to start?
Lets see ...
Oh ...
Firm and nice.
Lord Tor ...
No wonder there are rumors
about the women in Norheim.
Grace! Grace!
Help ... Help me! Grace!
Where's Orm?
Look. "Pretend to whisper,
and then spit in the "trick" trick.
It's really good.
We have to get out of here
before they hurt us to death.
This is the plan: You distract
The guard, I kill him, then we go.
Good plan. We could have used it
pot hatch, but you're the Viking ...
-Potty hatch?
- The hatch that goes straight out into the woods.
-Potty hatch.
-Okay.
(They hear groaning.)
What about Orm?
He really gets to drive in there.
Any more who will sacrifice anything for Orm?
A finger, maybe?
I'm not sacrificing anything
for that guy there.
Orm is in the guild hall.
In women's clothing.
Come on, come on ...
Yes, come on!
We have to hurry.
But we must bring with us
map to the west. In the coffin?
I can get it ... It is
actually a very private coffin.
It's not the map ...
-What is it about?
-Do not look. Just something someone has added ...
A tent plug.
Is it illegal to have tent plugs here?
O Orm!
-Here it is.
- Put it in the trash there. Safest.
Ssss ...
What is the sound you make?
Ormelyd.
Because his name is Orm.
Come on.
Quick!